[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Let's talk about ex3-fixed.
Just to keep things short and sweet,
I will just show the fixed version.
But I'll talk you through it.
So what I decided was to do object
destructuring on the parameter that comes
into the response because remember,
response is receiving an object.
So let's go ahead and
just destructure it while it's coming in.
This lets me not have to do any let or
block scoping to contain those temporary
variables cuz they're just gonna
be contained within the response
function itself anyway.
So I'm gonna have a foo variable that
defaults to whatever default stop foo is
and a bar that defaults
to default stop bar.
I'm gonna grab baz as is,
which is just an array, and
then I'm gonna do these two
structurings down inside of bam.
Don't forget to put on
your default objects, so
that your destructuring gracefully fails,
okay.
>> Speaker 1: Now to do the restructuring,
I can use those concise properties because
I named them all exactly
the same as the property.
So it's just foo, bar, barz, and then the
qux and qan are inside of the bam object.
>> Speaker 1: Again, this is one of those
places where I probably wouldn't keep
all those defaults in a separate
object if I didn't need to.
I'd probably just go ahead and put
those defaults right here, for example.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: A question from the room,
Mike is asking, I don't know if I missed
this, but in object destructuring,
if there is a listed property not on
the object, but up its prototype chain,
will the value from the prototype
be used or will it be undefined?
>> Speaker 1: Good question.
So let's assume I did something like this.
>> Speaker 1: So I'm asking for
the a property on obj.
If we defined obj like this,
we know it doesn't have any properties,
so it's gonna ask for that a property.
If it doesn't find it,
just gonna get undefined.
But if we made object, if we made
that property by doing a linkage
to another object which did,
>> Speaker 1: And
then we ask for the a property on it.
If we did that manually,
if we said obj.a, what would we get?
Obj doesn't have an a, but it's
prototype linked to an object that does,
so it would find that a property, right?
Same is gonna be true in destructuring.
If we ask for an a property on an object,
but it doesn't have it, and yet,
it finds it on the prototype chain,
it will pull that one out.
So again, just think of destructuring
as a declarative syntax for
doing all those assignments.
And then the behavior of those assignments
is exactly the same as if you did it
manually.
>> Speaker 1: Any questions
about destructuring?
If it's still like 80 to 90% fuzzy,
don't worry, that's completely natural.
It's gonna take a little
bit more practice.
But of all the things I'm teaching you,
this may not be the low
hanging fruit stuff.
Like dot dot dot dot or
the dot dot dot operator and default,
those are low hanging fruit,
those are easy.
This is not low hanging fruit, but
it also has the biggest payoff in my
opinion in terms of code readability.
So it's worth the effort.